DOC small changes to the user guide intro (#998)
skrub-data/skrub: doc/documentation.rst

User guide
===========

> Skrub facilitates preparing tables for machine learning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Skrub eases preparing tables for machine learning.
```

Starting from rich, complex data stored in one or several dataframes, it helps

> performing the data wrangling necessary to produce a numeric array that can be fed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
performing the data wrangling necessary to produce a numeric array that is fed
```

> perform the data wrangling necessary to produce a numeric array that can be fed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
performing the data wrangling necessary to produce a numeric array that can be fed
```

to a machine-learning model. This wrangling comprises joining tables (possibly
with inexact matches), parsing text into structured data such as dates,
extracting numeric features, etc.

> For those tasks, Skrub does not replace a dataframe library. Instead, it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For those tasks, skrub does not replace a dataframe library. Instead, it
```

> leverages Polars or Pandas to provide more high-level building blocks that are

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
leverages polars or pandas to provide more high-level building blocks that are
```

typically needed in a machine-learning pipeline.

> Crucially, the transformations implemented by Skrub are *stateful*: Skrub

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Crucially, the transformations implemented by skrub are *stateful*: skrub
```

> records the transformation that was applied to the training data and replays the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
records the transformations that were applied to the training data and replays the
```

> same operations when the pipeline is applied to make predictions on unseen

Reviewer: I think that we need to state that this is important because it avoids to make data leakage leading to false interpretation or incorrect evaluation.

Reviewer: Oups it was in the next sentence.

data. Implementing data-wrangling steps as transformers that can be fitted is

> essential to prevent data leakage and ensure generalization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
essential to preventing data leakage and ensure generalization.
```

not sure about this one

Author: I think I would leave "to prevent"

.. topic:: Skrub highlights:

>  - facilitates separating the train and test operations, allowing to tune

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - eases separating the train and test operations, allowing to tune
```
